Now as I promised you this course is going to be highly practical.
But I also promise that I will not neglect this hearing.
So I want to cover some terminology before we jump into hocking programming.
Now what we mean by hocking is being able to gain access to a system that you're not supposed to have
access to.
So for example logging into an email account that you're not supposed to have access to is considered
hocking that account.
Gaining access to a remote computer that you're not supposed to have access to is hacking that computer
reading information that you're not supposed to be able to read.
Again it's considered hacking.
So you can see that there is a large number of ways to hack into a system and the word hacking can refer
to a number of things but the main concept is the same gaining access or being able to do things that
you're not supposed to be able to do is considered hacking.
Now there are three main types of hackers.
We have the black hat hackers.
These are the bad people that hack systems illegally in order to steal money or to achieve their own
illegal goals.
The second part of hackers are the white hat hackers.
So this is us.
These people use the same techniques used by black hat hackers and they also hack into systems but they
only hack into systems that they have permission to hack in order to test the security of these systems.
And finally we have the Greatheart hackers.
These are a mixture of the two.
So they will hack into any system even if they don't have permission to test the security of the system.
But they will never steal money or damage that system.
And in most cases they'll go ahead and tell the administrator of that system.
But what they do is still illegal because they test the security of systems that they do not own or
do not have permission to test.
Now one big question that people always ask is why Hartke Why teach or learn hacking.
Well hacking is an existing industry.
There are lots of job opportunities for ethical hackers.
For people like us who will go ahead and test the security of systems to make sure that these systems
are secure and not vulnerable to black hat hackers there is actually a huge demand for ethical hackers
these days because of the increased amount of hacking attacks.
So we on the day the big systems and big companies are getting hacked.
Not so long ago Oberg got hacked and information of more than 56 million users were exposed.
So companies like Obery Facebook and Google they hire hackers in order to try and hack into their systems
and tell them where the weaknesses are so that they can fix it.
They also have about bounty programs where they literally ask all the hackers around the world to go
ahead and try to hack into their websites and their web applications.
And if they could they will pay them a bounty for the box that they find.
Now what's the hacking part covered.
What discourse is not only a hacking course we will also cover programming.
So what do we mean by programming.
Well programming is the process of writing a program and this very definition leads us to the next question.
What is a program.
Well a program is a set of instructions that will allow us to solve a problem.
For example we have the Facebook app or the Facebook website.
And the problem that it solves is social networking.
So it allows us to stay connected with our friends and family.
Another example is your media player such as iTunes.
It solves the problem of clean music for you.
So if you think of it any program that you use solves a certain problem so program it is the process
of writing a program to solve a problem.
Now since this is a hacking and program of course our problem is always going to be trying too hard
into a certain system.
So basically we will be writing programs that will allow us to hack into networks computers Web sites
and so one now the solution for the problem cannot be written in plain English you're going to have
to write it in a language that the computer can understand.
So you're going to have to use a programming language to do that.
Now you can use any programming language to write programs for hacking.
But in this course we're only going to be using Python.
The reason why I think Python because it's a very simple language yet powerful it's open source and
object oriented and it has great libraries that can be used for both for hiking and for writing very
useful normal programs other than hacking programs.
Now the last question that you might think we covered why you'd want to learn hacking.
But why would you want to learn programming.
Well programming is a very very important skill these days everything around us is controlled by computers
and the only way to communicate with computers is to write programs.
Some countries are even starting to teach programming to their school children because they think it
is just as important as learning math on other subjects.
Now since you want to be a hacker or you're interested in hacking then programming is very very important
for you especially because it will allow you to start implementing your own attacks.
So instead of using other tools made by other people you're going to be able to write your own tools
to exploit witnesses that you discover or to carry out attacks that nobody has ever implemented.
Not only that but you're going to have the ability to read programs written by other people and extend
them fix them if they have bugs or extend them to make them fit your situation or your scenario.